So let's see it on the checkout because you can remove one of these fields.
This has really come up and we're going to see if you can remove for example these fun field sort of
up in the flood insurance and here are some comments.
That's a MySpace and then going out or more.
The fun few from choc'late another function we're going to call these one guardedness back check out
fields and what we're going to feed their.
This one is called Catalina as combers Wu Gomer's underscore.
Check out fields you've got to go out.
These are nest by chicken feed.
We need to pass which is a priority.
And in these when we need to pass the fields and that's you can see we're passing when you can use one
here or not by the fall this is one.
This is one so of an echo free eco pretty used to see the contents of the variable water out by the
dump.
These save these up in the Rosset and reload now you can see we have a really really big array of rights
you.
So these Wankel things everything from the checkout.
There is something important here that you can see we have on our rate with four positions.
So they have some are raised in say another race for example we have the building scrod.
You will find all the rain grow a little more.
We have Shippen so they cover between information and then the shipping information.
If you scroll a little more you will find the acold and that's the order that.
So for example let's say that you want to remove the building and then we're looking for the phone you
can see that we kept building first name if we want to remove these or last name these values we have
the company going to be out of Atlanta.
That is two city wittedness state that both locals.
The fundraising.
So everything is right here in these fields.
So if you remember if you to move something from an IRA you use onset and we're going to use FiOS I'm
going to ask for the top three being and then say that reading we have the Fonz.
And that means meeting fun race you can be fun and we get rid of that in the Chicos for so what you
get out of it of the fields we have already removed that.
And then what we went to and everything.
Cirilo these you can see face grown you can see that I remove the fun but there is a problem here because
you can see we have this blank space.
So again if I add something like Echo 3 Nicole Richie
embattled don't they.
Balios or if he is you can say this and relo.
You will find something directing here.
So I'm going to give it up.
You can see for example these beat him Fiers name has a class right here.
He says farm roll Farina's and you can see that median last name because he's from Grove last form Grove-White
grow white.
So and it's inspect these and see what's happening.
I'm going I write this spec on the C code for example I'm going to inspect these so called here and
you can see that we're using this glass form grow form grow white.
We need to apply these to the molasses so if I play these email address you can see that this one is
disinform grow last and from Grove.
And again if I scroll to the top the e-mail
billion emails you can see that the class is row last.
We need to change these when I change these to form grow white to one of these so raise it I'm going
to remove these fields.
What are you seeing building again
and is that building even building score.
Eamon and what have an X glass is a really big array with that of three in there.
Are going to.
You're not getting deposits.
It's an array.
You can see that we have glass in the cabinet Racinet Gladys.
You need to these you see an array and I use form grow white.
So now you can save these Gussie's and relo
and then you can see that the Malotte of this is sticking with something nice.
And if you run into these problem now you can see how you can solve these in this BVI show your code
to remove or fill in the next we are going to show you a whole lot of extra fields.
So for example if you want to receive some extra information of the of your visitors you can use that
technique.